c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\bin\Debug\TradeBlotter.exe
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\bin\Debug\TradeBlotter.pdb
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.baml
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.baml
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.baml
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.g.cs
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.g.cs
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.g.cs
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\TradeBlotter_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\TradeBlotter.g.resources
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\TradeBlotter.exe
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\TradeBlotter.pdb
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\loginPage.baml
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\loginPage.g.cs
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\CreateAccount.baml
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\CreateAccount.g.cs
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\ForgotPassword.baml
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\ForgotPassword.g.cs
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\LoggedInScreen.baml
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\Login\Messages.baml
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\Login\ViewBlotter.baml
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\LoggedInScreen.g.cs
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\Login\Messages.g.cs
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\Login\ViewBlotter.g.cs
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\facility\CreateAccount.baml
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\facility\ForgotPassword.baml
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\facility\CreateAccount.g.cs
c:\users\grad62\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\facility\ForgotPassword.g.cs
C:\Users\Grad62\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\logout.baml
C:\Users\Grad62\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\Pages\logout.g.cs
C:\Users\Grad62\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TradeBlotter\TradeBlotter\obj\Debug\TradeBlotter_Content.g.cs
